README.md, before:

# Koryeo Warriors Taekwondo

Koryeo Warriors Taekwondo allows visitors to find out about their local taekwondo club. Visitors can find out about taekwondo, learn about class times and prices, gain insight into what the classes entail and also look at some pictures of students all in the hope of getting a feel of what to expect. Visitors can then contact the instructor to arrange a trial class or find out more. 

## User stories

### First time visitor goals:
- I want to know a bit about taekwondo and why I should pursue it
- I want to know about the instructor
- I want to know about the taekwondo lessons and what to expect, where and when they are held and also the prices for classes
- I want to be able to contact the instructor for more information should I have any questions and also to request to join classes
- I want the site to be easy to navigate through
- I want the site to be appealing enough to entice me to start taekwondo classes through testimonials and images

### Returning visitor goals:
- I want to easily find the information on classes to see if they fit into my schedule and budget
- After carefully considering joining classes, I want to find a way to contact the instructor to get a free trial session
- I want to check their social media and find out more about the club

### Frequent visitor goals:
- As a student or parent of student, I want to be able to access any news such as upcoming competitions and events and see any changes
- As a student or parent of student, I want to see pictures of training sessions and events

## Features

## Technologies Used

* Visual Studio Code was the programme used to write and edit code
* HTML was used to make the main content of the site
* CSS was used to add styling
* Balsamiq was used to make wireframes
* GitHub hosts the website

## Wireframes

### Desktop screen
* [Home](documentation/large-home.png)
* [About taekwondo](documentation/large-abouttkd.png)
* [Classes](documentation/large-classes.png)
* [Gallery](documentation/large-gallery.png)
* [News](documentation/large-news.png)
* [Contact Us](documentation/large-contact.png)

### Tablet screen (small and large)
* [Home](documentation/tablet-home.png)
* [About taekwondo](documentation/tablet-abouttkd.png)
* [Classes](documentation/tablet-classes.png)
* [Gallery](documentation/tablet-gallery.png)
* [News](documentation/tablet-news.png)
* [Contact Us](documentation/tablet-contact.png)

### Desktop screen
* [Home](documentation/mobile-home.png)
* [About taekwondo](documentation/mobile-abouttkd.png)
* [Classes](documentation/mobile-classes.png)
* [Gallery](documentation/mobile-gallery.png)
* [News](documentation/mobile-news.png)
* [Contact Us](documentation/mobile-contact.png)

## Testing

## Deployment

## Credits

### Content

* [Level up taekwondo](https://leveluptaekwondo.com/2018/02/22/13-benefits-taekwondo-will-make-want-black-belt/) was used to write up reasons for doing taekwondo
* My own taekwondo teacher [Tamsin Davis](https://www.taekwondo4all.com/) has also given me lots of information on what happens during lessons and the grading system through attending her classes
* [United Tae kwon do](https://utkd.org/for-students/five-tenets) was used to take information on the tenets of taekwondo
* I also used [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taekwondo) to look up the origins of taekwondo
* [Eurolinguiste](https://eurolinguiste.com/martial-arts-vocabulary-in-korean/) was used to check some spelling of korean words

### Media

* All media came from [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/) and [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/)
* [Hero image](https://images.pexels.com/photos/4428290/pexels-photo-4428290.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=1)

Homepage 
 * [Instructor](https://pixabay.com/photos/woman-model-karate-taekwondo-sport-6916304/)
 * [Above quote 1](https://images.pexels.com/photos/7045593/pexels-photo-7045593.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=1)
 * [Above quote 2](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-group-of-people-standing-barefooted-while-wearing-taekwondo-uniform-7045673/)

 Gallery
 * [Image 1](https://www.pexels.com/photo/men-in-a-taekwondo-match-10496367/)
 * [Image 2](https://www.pexels.com/photo/children-stretching-outdoors-10496375/)
 * [Image 3](https://www.pexels.com/photo/taekwondo-athletes-shaking-hands-6253170/)
 * [Image 4](https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-people-woman-girl-7045571/)
 * [Image 5](https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-people-woman-relaxation-7045600/)
 * [Image 6](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-girl-standing-on-one-leg-while-looking-at-the-camera-7990084/)
 * [Image 7](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-woman-in-white-uniform-standing-barefooted-8779304/)
 * [Image 8](https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-people-woman-girl-7045574/)
 * [Image 9](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-group-of-people-in-taekwondo-uniform-smiling-together-7045667/)
 * [Image 10](https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-love-people-woman-7045608/)
 * [Image 11](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-woman-in-taekwondo-uniform-while-standing-near-the-brick-wall-7045657/)
 * [Image 12](https://www.pexels.com/photo/fashion-man-love-people-7045736/)

News
 * [News 1](https://www.pexels.com/photo/close-up-shot-of-a-person-holding-a-black-belt-6253308/)
 * [News 2](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-man-wearing-white-and-black-hachimaki-7045479/)
 * [News 3](https://www.pexels.com/photo/boys-sparring-on-black-mat-7988768/)

### Tools

* [Color space](https://mycolor.space/) was used to pick a colour scheme

### Code

* The page title shadow effect was done using code from [Kinsta](https://kinsta.com/blog/css-text-outline/) 
* [w3c schools](https://www.w3schools.com/) and [MDN web docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/) were both used to look up various HTML and CSS syntax
* [Go make things](https://gomakethings.com/how-to-create-a-sticky-navigation-with-only-css/) Helped me make the navbar sticky using only CSS
* The hover effects on classes.html were done using [Hover.css](https://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/#effects)
* [Fontawesome](https://fontawesome.com/) gave me the icons used in the footer and contact page
* [Google maps](https://www.google.com/maps) allowed me to embed a map on the contact page
* The gallery page was done following the [Code Institue](https://codeinstitute.net/) tutorials
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) code was used to create various tools including the navbar for mobile view, contact form, buttons and grid system

## Acknowledgements

* Code Institute - For without their guidance I would not be able to make this website
* Tamsin Davis - My taekwondo instructor who gave me lots of information on taekwondo

Commit message:

Add link to testing.md

README.md, after:

# Koryeo Warriors Taekwondo

Koryeo Warriors Taekwondo allows visitors to find out about their local taekwondo club. Visitors can find out about taekwondo, learn about class times and prices, gain insight into what the classes entail and also look at some pictures of students all in the hope of getting a feel of what to expect. Visitors can then contact the instructor to arrange a trial class or find out more. 

## User stories

### First time visitor goals:
- I want to know a bit about taekwondo and why I should pursue it
- I want to know about the instructor
- I want to know about the taekwondo lessons and what to expect, where and when they are held and also the prices for classes
- I want to be able to contact the instructor for more information should I have any questions and also to request to join classes
- I want the site to be easy to navigate through
- I want the site to be appealing enough to entice me to start taekwondo classes through testimonials and images

### Returning visitor goals:
- I want to easily find the information on classes to see if they fit into my schedule and budget
- After carefully considering joining classes, I want to find a way to contact the instructor to get a free trial session
- I want to check their social media and find out more about the club

### Frequent visitor goals:
- As a student or parent of student, I want to be able to access any news such as upcoming competitions and events and see any changes
- As a student or parent of student, I want to see pictures of training sessions and events

## Features

## Technologies Used

* Visual Studio Code was the programme used to write and edit code
* HTML was used to make the main content of the site
* CSS was used to add styling
* Balsamiq was used to make wireframes
* GitHub hosts the website

## Wireframes

### Desktop screen
* [Home](documentation/large-home.png)
* [About taekwondo](documentation/large-abouttkd.png)
* [Classes](documentation/large-classes.png)
* [Gallery](documentation/large-gallery.png)
* [News](documentation/large-news.png)
* [Contact Us](documentation/large-contact.png)

### Tablet screen (small and large)
* [Home](documentation/tablet-home.png)
* [About taekwondo](documentation/tablet-abouttkd.png)
* [Classes](documentation/tablet-classes.png)
* [Gallery](documentation/tablet-gallery.png)
* [News](documentation/tablet-news.png)
* [Contact Us](documentation/tablet-contact.png)

### Desktop screen
* [Home](documentation/mobile-home.png)
* [About taekwondo](documentation/mobile-abouttkd.png)
* [Classes](documentation/mobile-classes.png)
* [Gallery](documentation/mobile-gallery.png)
* [News](documentation/mobile-news.png)
* [Contact Us](documentation/mobile-contact.png)

## Testing

All information on testing can be found on [testing.md](testing.md)

## Deployment

## Credits

### Content

* [Level up taekwondo](https://leveluptaekwondo.com/2018/02/22/13-benefits-taekwondo-will-make-want-black-belt/) was used to write up reasons for doing taekwondo
* My own taekwondo teacher [Tamsin Davis](https://www.taekwondo4all.com/) has also given me lots of information on what happens during lessons and the grading system through attending her classes
* [United Tae kwon do](https://utkd.org/for-students/five-tenets) was used to take information on the tenets of taekwondo
* I also used [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taekwondo) to look up the origins of taekwondo
* [Eurolinguiste](https://eurolinguiste.com/martial-arts-vocabulary-in-korean/) was used to check some spelling of korean words

### Media

* All media came from [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/) and [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/)
* [Hero image](https://images.pexels.com/photos/4428290/pexels-photo-4428290.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=1)

Homepage 
 * [Instructor](https://pixabay.com/photos/woman-model-karate-taekwondo-sport-6916304/)
 * [Above quote 1](https://images.pexels.com/photos/7045593/pexels-photo-7045593.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=1)
 * [Above quote 2](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-group-of-people-standing-barefooted-while-wearing-taekwondo-uniform-7045673/)

 Gallery
 * [Image 1](https://www.pexels.com/photo/men-in-a-taekwondo-match-10496367/)
 * [Image 2](https://www.pexels.com/photo/children-stretching-outdoors-10496375/)
 * [Image 3](https://www.pexels.com/photo/taekwondo-athletes-shaking-hands-6253170/)
 * [Image 4](https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-people-woman-girl-7045571/)
 * [Image 5](https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-people-woman-relaxation-7045600/)
 * [Image 6](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-girl-standing-on-one-leg-while-looking-at-the-camera-7990084/)
 * [Image 7](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-woman-in-white-uniform-standing-barefooted-8779304/)
 * [Image 8](https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-people-woman-girl-7045574/)
 * [Image 9](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-group-of-people-in-taekwondo-uniform-smiling-together-7045667/)
 * [Image 10](https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-love-people-woman-7045608/)
 * [Image 11](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-woman-in-taekwondo-uniform-while-standing-near-the-brick-wall-7045657/)
 * [Image 12](https://www.pexels.com/photo/fashion-man-love-people-7045736/)

News
 * [News 1](https://www.pexels.com/photo/close-up-shot-of-a-person-holding-a-black-belt-6253308/)
 * [News 2](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-man-wearing-white-and-black-hachimaki-7045479/)
 * [News 3](https://www.pexels.com/photo/boys-sparring-on-black-mat-7988768/)

### Tools

* [Color space](https://mycolor.space/) was used to pick a colour scheme

### Code

* The page title shadow effect was done using code from [Kinsta](https://kinsta.com/blog/css-text-outline/) 
* [w3c schools](https://www.w3schools.com/) and [MDN web docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/) were both used to look up various HTML and CSS syntax
* [Go make things](https://gomakethings.com/how-to-create-a-sticky-navigation-with-only-css/) Helped me make the navbar sticky using only CSS
* The hover effects on classes.html were done using [Hover.css](https://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/#effects)
* [Fontawesome](https://fontawesome.com/) gave me the icons used in the footer and contact page
* [Google maps](https://www.google.com/maps) allowed me to embed a map on the contact page
* The gallery page was done following the [Code Institue](https://codeinstitute.net/) tutorials
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) code was used to create various tools including the navbar for mobile view, contact form, buttons and grid system

## Acknowledgements

* Code Institute - For without their guidance I would not be able to make this website
* Tamsin Davis - My taekwondo instructor who gave me lots of information on taekwondo
